<DOCUMENT 1 TITLE>

Believe it or not, there are challenges to growing up wealthy - CNN 1/8/2016

<DOCUMENT 1 ANNOTATED>

Most people had probably never heard the term “1)affluenza/MISC“ until 2) Ethan Couch/PERSON’s legal team used it as a defense in his trial for driving drunk and killing four people in 3) Texas/GPE. And, judging by the robust online conversations, most think the claim that 4) Couch/PERSON was so spoiled by his parents that he didn't grow up with boundaries and realize the consequences of his actions was a ridiculous argument for why he shouldn't be held accountable for his crimes.

5) Couch/PERSON’s decision to head to 6) Mexico/GPE, a violation of his 10-year probation sentence, accompanied by his mother has only heightened the criticism of him and his upbringing.

But psychologists around the country say there is something here that society should not overlook: There is growing evidence that children of the affluent are becoming "increasingly troubled, reckless and self-destructive," wrote 7) Suniya Luthar/PERSON, a professor of psychology at 8) Arizona State University/ORGANIZATION along with 9) Barry Schwartz/PERSON, professor of psychology at 10) Swarthmore College/ORGANIZATION, in a blog post for 11) Reuters/ORGANIZATION titled “12) Sometimes 'poor little rich kids' are really poor little rich kids/MISC.”

13) Luthar/PERSON has been studying the lives of privileged children for 25 years. Her research has shown that drug and alcohol use among affluent teens is higher than among kids of the same age group in inner cities.

Further, children growing up in wealthier households are more likely to be suffering from anxiety and depression compared with the national average, according to the research. And, while crime is believed to be more of an issue for children living in poverty, there are "comparable levels of delinquency" for children in lower-income and upper-income households, wrote 14) Luthar/PERSON and 15) Schwartz/PERSON.

The only difference is the form the rule-breaking takes, they said. In well-off households, it tends to include widespread cheating and stealing from parents and peers.

"Perhaps we needn't feel sorry for these 'poor little rich kids.' But if we don't do something about their problems, they will become everyone's problems," they wrote.

16) Luthar/PERSON says there are plenty of reasons why people get uneasy about this topic. One is because of the word "affluent."

People living in upper middle class households don't like to think of themselves as affluent, but they are. "The truth is if you are an educated, white-collar professional family, you are this demographic," she said in an interview.

In a 17) 2003/DATE research paper called 18) "The Culture of Affluence/MISC,” she pointed to a range of factors that are unique to wealthy, upwardly mobile 19) America/LOCATION, which present their own kinds of challenges.

Money is plentiful, so children have more money to buy drugs and alcohol and get sophisticated fake IDs, and parents have the money to pay for high-profile lawyers to make sure their children continue to have an "absolutely pristine record," she said.

"We are certainly not saying that all affluent parents do this, or even that most do. But there is a sizable and vocal minority of parents who do not just bail their kids out but do it repeatedly and do it in very inappropriate circumstances," said 20) Luthar/PERSON, who is also professor emerita at 21) Columbia University/ORGANIZATION’s 22) Teachers College/ORGANIZATION.

"So these are the kids who then start to believe, and rightfully so, I'm not getting caught and even if I do, nothing's going to happen to me."

Modeling is a key issue in all households, including wealthy ones, psychologists say.

"You are literally displaying a behavior and then younger people who are more prone to being influenced by things see it and there's a sense of entitlement by some people with money, not all people, and there's also a sense that you're not being corrected if you're getting away with things," said 23) Harris Stratyner/PERSON, a 24) Manhattan/GPE psychologist who works primarily with wealthy families.

"It's what we call acquired narcissism. Some people, young kids, learn to be narcissistic," said 25) Stratyner/PERSON, who is also regional clinical vice president of the 26) Caron Treatment Centers/ORGANIZATION in 27) New York/GPE.

Children do what they see, psychologists say, and that plays a big role in the kinds of values you instill in your children.

"Are you walking in the house with four pairs of 28) Jimmy Choos/MISC?” said 29) Eileen Gallo/PERSON, a licensed psychotherapist in 30) Los Angeles/GPE and co-author of 31) "Silver Spoon Kids: How Successful Parents Raise Responsible Children/MISC.“ "You have to look at your own values."

Added 32) Luthar/PERSON, "If you're the kind of person who stops at a traffic light to let an elderly person pass or picks up food for them in the supermarket, they watch this from when they are babies."

Perhaps there is no greater positive example of children modeling the values of their wealthy parents than the 33) Buffett/PERSON family, with the father, 34) Warren Buffett/PERSON of 35) Berkshire Hathaway/ORGANIZATION, one of the wealthiest people on the planet.

And yet, his kids grew up never thinking they were wealthy. 36) Buffett/PERSON’s youngest son 37) Peter/PERSON, who is now 57, said he didn't actually realize his father had amassed so much wealth until he was 25.

"We never thought about an inheritance. We never assumed we would be getting anything at any time and we weren't bitter or thinking that we should for some reason," said 38) Peter Buffett/PERSON, in a 39) Freakonomics/ORGANIZATION radio podcast back in 40) 2011/DATE. "We just grew up in a house where you work hard and you make your way in life and hopefully you have a well-lived life based on all sorts of criteria."

In a quote widely repeated when it comes to raising children with wealth, 41) Buffett/PERSON, the father, has said that he wanted to give his kids "enough so that they could feel that they could do anything, but not so much that they could do nothing."

42) Peter Buffett/PERSON says he got $90,000 of stock when he was 19, which he used to leave 43) Stanford/ORGANIZATION and pursue a career in music, something his father and mother wholeheartedly endorsed. Had he held on to that stock, it would be worth more than $70 million, he said on the podcast in 44) 2011/DATE, but he doesn't regret his decision.

"I paraphrase it as 'your money or your life,' but (I am) living proof that I would much rather have invested in myself, taken the time and grown my own life with all the mistakes and all the successes and everything else that I can say is mine as opposed to have a pile of money that essentially belonged to somebody else's success," he said.

45) Stratyner/PERSON, who is also a clinical associate professor in the department of psychiatry for the 46) Mount Sinai School of Medicine/ORGANIZATION, says his advice to wealthy parents concerned about trying to instill good values is they shouldn't just give to their children.

"If you just give, then you're not instilling the work ethic," he said. "Parents have to instill responsibilities. You live in a nuclear family, and you have certain responsibilities. You have chores. You have to take out the garbage. You need to be home for dinner."

Children can also build a work ethic at school and through team sports, where they learn about participation and cooperation, said 47) Gallo/PERSON, who also works as a consultant for businesses and organizations.

"This is what you're going to have to do when you get a job. You are going to be collaborating with people and getting along so there are all kinds of ways to help kids develop a work ethic."

Talking about your work and talking about your husband's work is also vital, she said. "I keep going back to conversation, which I think is so important, probably more important today," she added, at a time when many of us are spending more time "talking" through mobile phones than in face-to-face exchanges.

What also helps lead to grounded children who grow up in affluence is setting boundaries. "There's no limit setting," said 48) Stratyner/PERSON. Children need and want to be told right from wrong and learn responsibility and the consequences of their actions, he said.

"It's not a free for all," he said. "We're doing free-for-all parenting, and that's got to stop."

Many people think of limit setting as being the tough guy, and they don't want to be that tough guy, said 49) Luthar/PERSON, who has two grown children and knows well how difficult it can be to firmly and consistently enforce discipline.

"What people don't understand is that, for kids, limits are necessary to make them feel safe. They are not cognitively able to set limits for themselves in appropriate ways and at the appropriate times so they need for us, their parents, to say, 'OK, this is where I'm drawing the line. You may not cross this line, and there will be consequences if you do.' " 

I can already hear the criticisms: If these kids have all the money they want and the best education that money can buy, what challenges can they really have in life?

Well, psychologists would say that in addition to the challenges noted above that money can bring, there is an intense pressure in upwardly mobile homes -- that comes from parents, peers, schools, teachers and coaches -- and that is that children need to be the best in everything.

"Where do you draw the line?" said 50) Luthar/PERSON. "When do you say to your child, no, you don't have to take your 51) SAT/MISC for the fourth time? You don't have to take that fifth AP course?" If everyone in your family went to 52) Princeton/ORGANIZATION, "when do you say, it's really OK if that lineage is broken?"

There is no question that today's children are growing up in a much more competitive world, with many more kids vying for the same number of college placements or jobs, but parents need to take a good look in the mirror and make sure they are balanced in the values they set for themselves and their children, psychologists say.

You might tell your child, "Darling, it doesn't matter that you didn't make the advanced reading class," said 53) Luthar/PERSON. "But if you don't really believe that, trust me, your kid is going to catch on, and fast."

Beyond parents, teachers, schools and guidance counselors have a role to play in helping children understand that the goal is finding what they really love to do and what they're personally committed to, not reaching "the top" no matter what it takes.

"We've got to stop this business of letting kids believe that if I just get into one more AP class, if I just get another GPA point, that will make the difference in getting into 54) Harvard/ORGANIZATION ... or 55) Princeton/ORGANIZATION ... and the feeling that if I don't go to 56) Harvard/ORGANIZATION or 57) Princeton/ORGANIZATION, that essentially, my life is over," said 58) Luthar/PERSON. 

People in middle class and lower middle class households don't tend to have much sympathy for the problems of the affluent, psychologists say.

There is a reverse snobbery against the wealthy, said 59) Gallo/PERSON, the 60) Los Angeles/GPE-based psychotherapist.

She says some people in her practice have experienced it directly in counseling offices. "Some people go to therapists and they say, 'You don't have a problem. You're like the 61) Kennedys/MISC.’ People don't really understand."

62) Luthar/PERSON has found that there's nearly as much negative judgment of the affluent as there is of the poor. Just as there are sweeping perceptions of the poor, the affluent are often seen as being selfish, overly ambitious and neglectful, she said.

Is it OK to let your children fail?

And, just as one of the biggest challenges for parents in the inner city is making sure their kids are not out after dark, in unsafe places and hanging out with people who are already in trouble, parents in affluence -- upper middle class households and above -- have to insulate their kids from the risks that are especially potent in their subculture, she said.

"It's not easy. It's perplexing. It's bewildering, this business of being a 'good enough' parent," said 63) Luthar/PERSON. "And to think that just because we are highly-educated or well-read, we have the right answers, that we know the best thing to do and can follow through in doing it, is so very misguided."

<DOCUMENT 1 NO ANNOTATIONS>

Most people had probably never heard the term "affluenza" until Ethan Couch's legal team used it as a defense in his trial for driving drunk and killing four people in Texas. And, judging by the robust online conversations, most think the claim that Couch was so spoiled by his parents that he didn't grow up with boundaries and realize the consequences of his actions was a ridiculous argument for why he shouldn't be held accountable for his crimes.

Couch's decision to head to Mexico, a violation of his 10-year probation sentence, accompanied by his mother has only heightened the criticism of him and his upbringing.

But psychologists around the country say there is something here that society should not overlook: There is growing evidence that children of the affluent are becoming "increasingly troubled, reckless and self-destructive," wrote Suniya Luthar, a professor of psychology at Arizona State University along with Barry Schwartz, professor of psychology at Swarthmore College, in a blog post for Reuters titled "Sometimes 'poor little rich kids' are really poor little rich kids."

Luthar has been studying the lives of privileged children for 25 years. Her research has shown that drug and alcohol use among affluent teens is higher than among kids of the same age group in inner cities.

Further, children growing up in wealthier households are more likely to be suffering from anxiety and depression compared with the national average, according to the research. And, while crime is believed to be more of an issue for children living in poverty, there are "comparable levels of delinquency" for children in lower-income and upper-income households, wrote Luthar and Schwartz.

The only difference is the form the rule-breaking takes, they said. In well-off households, it tends to include widespread cheating and stealing from parents and peers.

"Perhaps we needn't feel sorry for these 'poor little rich kids.' But if we don't do something about their problems, they will become everyone's problems," they wrote.

Luthar says there are plenty of reasons why people get uneasy about this topic. One is because of the word "affluent."

People living in upper middle class households don't like to think of themselves as affluent, but they are. "The truth is if you are an educated, white-collar professional family, you are this demographic," she said in an interview.

In a 2003 research paper called "The Culture of Affluence," she pointed to a range of factors that are unique to wealthy, upwardly mobile America, which present their own kinds of challenges.

Money is plentiful, so children have more money to buy drugs and alcohol and get sophisticated fake IDs, and parents have the money to pay for high-profile lawyers to make sure their children continue to have an "absolutely pristine record," she said.

"We are certainly not saying that all affluent parents do this, or even that most do. But there is a sizable and vocal minority of parents who do not just bail their kids out but do it repeatedly and do it in very inappropriate circumstances," said Luthar, who is also professor emerita at Columbia University's Teachers College.

"So these are the kids who then start to believe, and rightfully so, I'm not getting caught and even if I do, nothing's going to happen to me."

Modeling is a key issue in all households, including wealthy ones, psychologists say.

"You are literally displaying a behavior and then younger people who are more prone to being influenced by things see it and there's a sense of entitlement by some people with money, not all people, and there's also a sense that you're not being corrected if you're getting away with things," said Harris Stratyner, a Manhattan psychologist who works primarily with wealthy families.

"It's what we call acquired narcissism. Some people, young kids, learn to be narcissistic," said Stratyner, who is also regional clinical vice president of the Caron Treatment Centers in New York.

Children do what they see, psychologists say, and that plays a big role in the kinds of values you instill in your children.

"Are you walking in the house with four pairs of Jimmy Choos?" said Eileen Gallo, a licensed psychotherapist in Los Angeles and co-author of "Silver Spoon Kids: How Successful Parents Raise Responsible Children." "You have to look at your own values."

Added Luthar, "If you're the kind of person who stops at a traffic light to let an elderly person pass or picks up food for them in the supermarket, they watch this from when they are babies."

Perhaps there is no greater positive example of children modeling the values of their wealthy parents than the Buffett family, with the father, Warren Buffett of Berkshire Hathaway, one of the wealthiest people on the planet.

And yet, his kids grew up never thinking they were wealthy. Buffett's youngest son Peter, who is now 57, said he didn't actually realize his father had amassed so much wealth until he was 25.

"We never thought about an inheritance. We never assumed we would be getting anything at any time and we weren't bitter or thinking that we should for some reason," said Peter Buffett, in a Freakonomics radio podcast back in 2011. "We just grew up in a house where you work hard and you make your way in life and hopefully you have a well-lived life based on all sorts of criteria."

In a quote widely repeated when it comes to raising children with wealth, Buffett, the father, has said that he wanted to give his kids "enough so that they could feel that they could do anything, but not so much that they could do nothing."

Peter Buffett says he got $90,000 of stock when he was 19, which he used to leave Stanford and pursue a career in music, something his father and mother wholeheartedly endorsed. Had he held on to that stock, it would be worth more than $70 million, he said on the podcast in 2011, but he doesn't regret his decision.

"I paraphrase it as 'your money or your life,' but (I am) living proof that I would much rather have invested in myself, taken the time and grown my own life with all the mistakes and all the successes and everything else that I can say is mine as opposed to have a pile of money that essentially belonged to somebody else's success," he said.

Stratyner, who is also a clinical associate professor in the department of psychiatry for the Mount Sinai School of Medicine, says his advice to wealthy parents concerned about trying to instill good values is they shouldn't just give to their children.

"If you just give, then you're not instilling the work ethic," he said. "Parents have to instill responsibilities. You live in a nuclear family, and you have certain responsibilities. You have chores. You have to take out the garbage. You need to be home for dinner."

Children can also build a work ethic at school and through team sports, where they learn about participation and cooperation, said Gallo, who also works as a consultant for businesses and organizations.

"This is what you're going to have to do when you get a job. You are going to be collaborating with people and getting along so there are all kinds of ways to help kids develop a work ethic."

Talking about your work and talking about your husband's work is also vital, she said. "I keep going back to conversation, which I think is so important, probably more important today," she added, at a time when many of us are spending more time "talking" through mobile phones than in face-to-face exchanges.

What also helps lead to grounded children who grow up in affluence is setting boundaries. "There's no limit setting," said Stratyner. Children need and want to be told right from wrong and learn responsibility and the consequences of their actions, he said.

"It's not a free for all," he said. "We're doing free-for-all parenting, and that's got to stop."

Many people think of limit setting as being the tough guy, and they don't want to be that tough guy, said Luthar, who has two grown children and knows well how difficult it can be to firmly and consistently enforce discipline.

"What people don't understand is that, for kids, limits are necessary to make them feel safe. They are not cognitively able to set limits for themselves in appropriate ways and at the appropriate times so they need for us, their parents, to say, 'OK, this is where I'm drawing the line. You may not cross this line, and there will be consequences if you do.' " 

I can already hear the criticisms: If these kids have all the money they want and the best education that money can buy, what challenges can they really have in life?

Well, psychologists would say that in addition to the challenges noted above that money can bring, there is an intense pressure in upwardly mobile homes -- that comes from parents, peers, schools, teachers and coaches -- and that is that children need to be the best in everything.

"Where do you draw the line?" said Luthar. "When do you say to your child, no, you don't have to take your SAT for the fourth time? You don't have to take that fifth AP course?" If everyone in your family went to Princeton, "when do you say, it's really OK if that lineage is broken?"

There is no question that today's children are growing up in a much more competitive world, with many more kids vying for the same number of college placements or jobs, but parents need to take a good look in the mirror and make sure they are balanced in the values they set for themselves and their children, psychologists say.

You might tell your child, "Darling, it doesn't matter that you didn't make the advanced reading class," said Luthar. "But if you don't really believe that, trust me, your kid is going to catch on, and fast."

Beyond parents, teachers, schools and guidance counselors have a role to play in helping children understand that the goal is finding what they really love to do and what they're personally committed to, not reaching "the top" no matter what it takes.

"We've got to stop this business of letting kids believe that if I just get into one more AP class, if I just get another GPA point, that will make the difference in getting into Harvard ... or Princeton ... and the feeling that if I don't go to Harvard or Princeton, that essentially, my life is over," said Luthar. 

People in middle class and lower middle class households don't tend to have much sympathy for the problems of the affluent, psychologists say.

There is a reverse snobbery against the wealthy, said Gallo, the Los Angeles-based psychotherapist.

She says some people in her practice have experienced it directly in counseling offices. "Some people go to therapists and they say, 'You don't have a problem. You're like the Kennedys.' People don't really understand."

Luthar has found that there's nearly as much negative judgment of the affluent as there is of the poor. Just as there are sweeping perceptions of the poor, the affluent are often seen as being selfish, overly ambitious and neglectful, she said.

Is it OK to let your children fail?

And, just as one of the biggest challenges for parents in the inner city is making sure their kids are not out after dark, in unsafe places and hanging out with people who are already in trouble, parents in affluence -- upper middle class households and above -- have to insulate their kids from the risks that are especially potent in their subculture, she said.

"It's not easy. It's perplexing. It's bewildering, this business of being a 'good enough' parent," said Luthar. "And to think that just because we are highly-educated or well-read, we have the right answers, that we know the best thing to do and can follow through in doing it, is so very misguided."

<DOCUMENT 2 TITLE>

T-Mobile confirms it slows connections to video sites -  Wired 1/7/2016

<DOCUMENT 2 ANNOTATED>

Though 1) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION still wants to play games with words, the company has admitted it’s slowing down streams as part of its unlimited video service.

2) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION customers who activate the company’s controversial 3) Binge On/PRODUCT video service will experience downgraded internet connection speeds when viewing videos on 4) YouTube/PRODUCT or other sites that don’t take part in 5) Binge On/PRODUCT, a 6) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION spokesperson confirmed today. They’ll also experience slower speeds when trying to download video files for offline use from websites that do not participate in 7) Binge On/PRODUCT, at least until the customer deactivates the service.

The confirmation brings clarity to questions that have swirled for weeks about 8) Binge On/PRODUCT. The service, which is turned on by default but can be switched off at any time, allows some 9) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION customers to watch unlimited amounts of video from 10) Netflix/PRODUCT and 11) Hulu/PRODUCT (which are 12) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION partners) but not 13) YouTube/PRODUCT (which isn’t) without having those streams count against their data plans.

In other words, the data usage exemptions only apply to 14) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION’s partners, and video quality is limited to 480p, the same resolution that DVDs use. That may sound like a good tradeoff, but a report released by digital advocacy group the 15) Electronic Frontier Foundation/ORGANIZATION on Monday concluded that the service may include some side effects for video sites that don’t participate in the program. Critics have worried since the beginning that these exemption policies, also known as “zero rating,” undermine network neutrality principles. But the 16) EFF/ORGANIZATION report raises other questions, namely the lack of transparency about how the service actually works.

17) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION has insisted that it “optimizes” videos for 18) Binge On/PRODUCT customers, but the 19) EFF/ORGANIZATION found that 20) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION is actually downgrading all connections to video sites, including those that aren’t 21) Binge On/PRODUCT partners. As a result, users are typically served 480p versions of nearly all videos, since sites like 22) YouTube/PRODUCT and 23) Netflix/PRODUCT will automatically route customers with slow connections to the lower quality stream.

The problem is that the 24) EFF/ORGANIZATION found is that connections are slowed even when users try to access video sites that don’t offer alternate versions. As a result, trying to stream, say, a 1040p video from a non-participating site could result in choppy video performance if you have 25) Binge On/PRODUCT activated. You can switch 26) Binge On/PRODUCT off to get the full speed back, but in order to do that you have to know that 27) Binge On/PRODUCT, not the site, is responsible for the degraded performance.

What’s perhaps worse is that 28) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION has been anything but forthcoming about the issue. CEO 29) John Legere/PERSON portrays himself as a straight shooter in an industry full of phonies. He has long hair. He wears hoodies. He swears. A lot. He calls out competitors like 30) AT&T/ORGANIZATION and 31) Verizon/ORGANIZATION for their confusing pricing and hidden fees cloaked in fine print. But when it comes to questions about his own company, 32) Legere/PERSON is as evasive as any corporate shill in a suit. The company remained mum about the 33) EFF/ORGANIZATION report until Thursday when the organization asked 34) Legere/PERSON about it during a public Q&A on 35) Twitter/PRODUCT.

“It includes a proprietary technology and what the technology does is not only detect the video stream but select the appropriate bitrate to optimize to the mobile device. That’s part A of my answer,” he said in a video response to the 36) EFF/ORGANIZATION. “Part B is who the fuck are you 37) EFF/ORGANIZATION, why are you stirring up so much trouble, and who pays you?”

The problem with this answer is that even though it’s not technically wrong, it continues to obscure the way 38) Binge On/PRODUCT works. 39) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION’s website, likewise, does little to clear things up. The frequently asked questions section of 40) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION’s 41) Binge On/PRODUCT page does disclose that 42) Binge On/PRODUCT “optimizes” video from most websites, not just 43) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION’s partners, but doesn’t make it clear that this optimization could result in worse performance for some videos.

During both the Q&A session and blog post and video published today, 44) Legere/PERSON insisted that 45) Binge On/PRODUCT is about customer choice. “There are people out there saying we’re ‘throttling,'” he says in the video. “That’s a game of semantics, and it’s bullshit.”

But it’s 46) Legere/PERSON who’s playing a semantic game here. 47) Legere/PERSON is arguing that because users can deactivate 48) Binge On/PRODUCT, it doesn’t count as throttling. But in order to make an informed decision, customers to have accurate information about what they’re opting into. What it appears 49) T-Mobile/ORGANIZATION is doing is offering customers data cap exemptions for some sites in exchange for downgrading connections for all video. Many customers may indeed want such a service. But customers should be told what’s actually happening, not fed misleading mumbo jumbo about optimizing bitstreams.



<DOCUMENT 2 NO ANNOTATIONS>

Though T-Mobile still wants to play games with words, the company has admitted it’s slowing down streams as part of its unlimited video service.

T-Mobile customers who activate the company’s controversial Binge On video service will experience downgraded internet connection speeds when viewing videos on YouTube or other sites that don’t take part in Binge On, a T-Mobile spokesperson confirmed today. They’ll also experience slower speeds when trying to download video files for offline use from websites that do not participate in Binge On, at least until the customer deactivates the service.

The confirmation brings clarity to questions that have swirled for weeks about Binge On. The service, which is turned on by default but can be switched off at any time, allows some T-Mobile customers to watch unlimited amounts of video from Netflix and Hulu (which are T-Mobile partners) but not YouTube (which isn’t) without having those streams count against their data plans.

In other words, the data usage exemptions only apply to T-Mobile’s partners, and video quality is limited to 480p, the same resolution that DVDs use. That may sound like a good tradeoff, but a report released by digital advocacy group the Electronic Frontier Foundation on Monday concluded that the service may include some side effects for video sites that don’t participate in the program. Critics have worried since the beginning that these exemption policies, also known as “zero rating,” undermine network neutrality principles. But the EFF report raises other questions, namely the lack of transparency about how the service actually works.

T-Mobile has insisted that it “optimizes” videos for Binge On customers, but the EFF found that T-Mobile is actually downgrading all connections to video sites, including those that aren’t Binge On partners. As a result, users are typically served 480p versions of nearly all videos, since sites like YouTube and Netflix will automatically route customers with slow connections to the lower quality stream.

The problem is that the EFF found is that connections are slowed even when users try to access video sites that don’t offer alternate versions. As a result, trying to stream, say, a 1040p video from a non-participating site could result in choppy video performance if you have Binge On activated. You can switch Binge On off to get the full speed back, but in order to do that you have to know that Binge On, not the site, is responsible for the degraded performance.

What’s perhaps worse is that T-Mobile has been anything but forthcoming about the issue. CEO John Legere portrays himself as a straight shooter in an industry full of phonies. He has long hair. He wears hoodies. He swears. A lot. He calls out competitors like AT&T and Verizon for their confusing pricing and hidden fees cloaked in fine print. But when it comes to questions about his own company, Legere is as evasive as any corporate shill in a suit. The company remained mum about the EFF report until Thursday when the organization asked Legere about it during a public Q&A on Twitter.

“It includes a proprietary technology and what the technology does is not only detect the video stream but select the appropriate bitrate to optimize to the mobile device. That’s part A of my answer,” he said in a video response to the EFF. “Part B is who the fuck are you EFF, why are you stirring up so much trouble, and who pays you?”

The problem with this answer is that even though it’s not technically wrong, it continues to obscure the way Binge On works. T-Mobile’s website, likewise, does little to clear things up. The frequently asked questions section of T-Mobile’s Binge On page does disclose that Binge On “optimizes” video from most websites, not just T-Mobile’s partners, but doesn’t make it clear that this optimization could result in worse performance for some videos.

During both the Q&A session and blog post and video published today, Legere insisted that Binge On is about customer choice. “There are people out there saying we’re ‘throttling,'” he says in the video. “That’s a game of semantics, and it’s bullshit.”

But it’s Legere who’s playing a semantic game here. Legere is arguing that because users can deactivate Binge On, it doesn’t count as throttling. But in order to make an informed decision, customers to have accurate information about what they’re opting into. What it appears T-Mobile is doing is offering customers data cap exemptions for some sites in exchange for downgrading connections for all video. Many customers may indeed want such a service. But customers should be told what’s actually happening, not fed misleading mumbo jumbo about optimizing bitstreams.

<DOCUMENT 3 TITLE>------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Brazil - Wikipedia

<DOCUMENT 3 ANNOTATED>--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1) Brazil/GPE (Listeni/brəˈzɪl/; 2) Portuguese/NORP: Brasil [bɾaˈziw] [9]), officially the 3) Federative Republic of Brazil/GPE ( 4) Portuguese/LANGUAGE: 5) República Federativa do Brasil/GPE, About this sound listen (help·info) [10]), is the largest country in both 6) South America/LOCATION and the 7) Latin American/NORP region. It is the world's fifth-largest country, both by geographical area and by population.[11] It is the largest 8) Portuguese/LANGUAGE-speaking country in the world, and the only one in the 9) Americas/LOCATION.[12]

Bounded by the 10) Atlantic Ocean/LOCATION on the east, 11) Brazil/GPE has a coastline of 7,491 km (4,655 mi).[13] It borders all other 12) South American/NORP countries except 13) Ecuador/GPE and 14) Chile/GPE and occupies 47.3 percent of the continent of 15) South America/LOCATION.[14] Its 16) Amazon River/LOCATION basin includes a vast tropical forest, home to diverse wildlife, a variety of ecological systems, and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats.[13] This unique environmental heritage makes 17) Brazil/GPE one of 17 megadiverse countries, and is the subject of significant global interest and debate regarding deforestation and environmental protection.

18) Brazil/GPE was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing in 19) 1500/DATE of explorer 20) Pedro Álvares Cabral/PERSON, who claimed the area for the 21) Portuguese Empire/ORGANIZATION. 22) Brazil/GPE remained a 23) Portuguese/NORP colony until 24) 1808/DATE, when the capital of the empire was transferred from 25) Lisbon/GPE to 26) Rio de Janeiro/GPE. In 27) 1815/DATE, the colony was elevated to the rank of kingdom upon the formation of the 28) United Kingdom of Portugal/GPE, 29) Brazil/GPE and the 30) Algarves/LOCATION. Independence was achieved in 31) 1822/DATE with the creation of the 32) Empire of Brazil/GPE, a unitary state governed under a constitutional monarchy and a parliamentary system. The ratification of the first constitution in 33) 1824/DATE led to the formation of a bicameral legislature, now called the 34) National Congress/ORGANIZATION. The country became a presidential republic in 35) 1889/DATE following a military coup d'état. An authoritarian military junta came to power in 36) 1964/DATE and ruled until 37) 1985/DATE, after which civilian governance resumed. 38) Brazil/GPE’s current constitution, formulated in 39) 1988/DATE, defines it as a federal republic.[15] The federation is composed of the union of the 40) Federal District/ORGANIZATION, the 26 states, and the 5,570 municipalities. 41) Brazil/GPE has the world's highest population of 42) Roman Catholics/NORP and is the world's most populous 43) Catholic/NORP-majority country.

44) Brazil/GPE’s economy is the world's ninth-largest by nominal GDP and seventh-largest by GDP (PPP) as of 45) 2015/DATE.[16][17] A member of the 46) BRICS/ORGANIZATION group, 47) Brazil/GPE until 48) 2010/DATE had one of the world's fastest growing major economies, with its economic reforms giving the country new international recognition and influence.[18] 49) Brazil/GPE’s national development bank plays an important role for the country's economic growth.[19] 50) Brazil/GPE is a founding member of the 51) United Nations/ORGANIZATION, the 52) G20/ORGANIZATION, 53) BRICS/ORGANIZATION, 54) Unasul/ORGANIZATION, 55) Mercosul/ORGANIZATION, 56) Organization of American States/ORGANIZATIN, 57) Organization of Ibero-American States/ORGANIZATION, 58) CPLP/ORGANIZATION and the 59) Latin Union/ORGANIZATION. 60) Brazil/GPE is a regional power in 61) Latin America/LOCATION and a middle power in international affairs,[20] with some analysts identifying it as an emerging global power.[21] One of the world's major breadbaskets, 62) Brazil/GPE has been the largest producer of coffee for the last 150 years.[22]

<DOCUMENT 3 NO ANNOTATIONS>

Brazil (Listeni/brəˈzɪl/; Portuguese: Brasil [bɾaˈziw] [9]), officially the Federative Republic of Brazil (Portuguese: República Federativa do Brasil, About this sound listen (help·info) [10]), is the largest country in both South America and the Latin American region. It is the world's fifth-largest country, both by geographical area and by population.[11] It is the largest Portuguese-speaking country in the world, and the only one in the Americas.[12]

Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east, Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 km (4,655 mi).[13] It borders all other South American countries except Ecuador and Chile and occupies 47.3 percent of the continent of South America.[14] Its Amazon River basin includes a vast tropical forest, home to diverse wildlife, a variety of ecological systems, and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats.[13] This unique environmental heritage makes Brazil one of 17 megadiverse countries, and is the subject of significant global interest and debate regarding deforestation and environmental protection.

Brazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing in 1500 of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral, who claimed the area for the Portuguese Empire. Brazil remained a Portuguese colony until 1808, when the capital of the empire was transferred from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro. In 1815, the colony was elevated to the rank of kingdom upon the formation of the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves. Independence was achieved in 1822 with the creation of the Empire of Brazil, a unitary state governed under a constitutional monarchy and a parliamentary system. The ratification of the first constitution in 1824 led to the formation of a bicameral legislature, now called the National Congress. The country became a presidential republic in 1889 following a military coup d'état. An authoritarian military junta came to power in 1964 and ruled until 1985, after which civilian governance resumed. Brazil's current constitution, formulated in 1988, defines it as a federal republic.[15] The federation is composed of the union of the Federal District, the 26 states, and the 5,570 municipalities. Brazil has the world's highest population of Roman Catholics and is the world's most populous Catholic-majority country.

Brazil's economy is the world's ninth-largest by nominal GDP and seventh-largest by GDP (PPP) as of 2015.[16][17] A member of the BRICS group, Brazil until 2010 had one of the world's fastest growing major economies, with its economic reforms giving the country new international recognition and influence.[18] Brazil's national development bank plays an important role for the country's economic growth.[19] Brazil is a founding member of the United Nations, the G20, BRICS, Unasul, Mercosul, Organization of American States, Organization of Ibero-American States, CPLP and the Latin Union. Brazil is a regional power in Latin America and a middle power in international affairs,[20] with some analysts identifying it as an emerging global power.[21] One of the world's major breadbaskets, Brazil has been the largest producer of coffee for the last 150 years.[22]



<DOCUMENT 4 TITLE>

4) Tlaltecuhtli - Wikipedia

<DOCUMENT 4 ANNOTATED>

1) Tlaltecuhtli/PERSON [t͡ɬaɬteˈkʷt͡ɬi] is a 2) pre-Columbian/NORP 3) Mesoamerican/NORP deity, identified from sculpture and iconography dating to the 4) Late Postclassic period/DATE of 5) Mesoamerican/NORP chronology (ca. 6) 1200–1519/DATE), primarily among the 7) Mexica/NORP ( 8)Aztec/NORP) and other 9) Nahuatl/LANGUAGE-speaking cultures. 10) Tlaltecuhtli/PERSON is also known from several post-conquest manuscripts that surveyed 11) Mexica/NORP mythology and belief systems, such as the 12) Histoyre du méchique/MISC compiled in the 13) mid-16th century/DATE.[1]

According to 14) Alfonso Caso/PERSON[2] There were four earth gods - 15) Tlaltecuhti/PERSON who was male and three earth goddesses - 16) Coatlique/PERSON, 17) Cihuacoatl/PERSON and 18) Tlazolteotl/PERSON. In one of the 19) Mexica/NORP creation accounts 20) Tlaltecuhtli/PERSON is described as a sea monster who dwelled in the ocean after the fourth 21) Great Flood/MISC, an embodiment of the raging chaos before creation.[3] 22) Quetzalcoatl/PERSON and 23) Tezcatlipoca/PERSON, in the form of serpents, tore him in half, throwing half upwards to create the sky and stars and leaving the other half to become the land of the 24) earth/LOCATION. He remained alive, however, and demanded human blood.

Although the deity's name is masculine in 25) Nahuatl/LANGUAGE, some modern scholars, notably 26) Miller/PERSON and 27) Taube/PERSON interpret some representations of 28) Tlaltecuhtli/PERSON as exhibiting female characteristics, particularly his typical pose which they interpret as the characteristic position of a woman giving birth.[4] According to 29) Miller/PERSON and 30) Taube/PERSON p. 167: “ 31) Tlaltecuhtli/PERSON literally means "earth Lord," but most 32) Aztec/NORP representations clearly depict this creature as female, and despite the male gender of the name, some sources call 33) Tlaltecuhtli/PERSON a goddess. Usually in a hocker, or birth-giving squat, with head flung backwards and her mouth of flint blades open..." 34) Miller/PERSON and 35) Taube/PERSON provide an extensive bibliography but use no footnotes so it's impossible to know what sources identify 36) Tlaltecuhtli/PERSON as a female figure. They identify their main source for 37) Aztec/NORP mythology as the 38) Florentine codex/MISC however 39) Book 1/MISC of the codex, 40) the Gods/MISC, does not include this god.[5] Since 41) Miller/PERSON and 42) Taube/PERSON does not refer to primary or secondary sources, one must consider the fact that their identification of 43) Tlaltecuhtli/PERSON as female is their interpretation of the iconography. Other scholars think that this pose is him crouching under the earth, mouth open, waiting to devour the dead.[6]

According to 44) Alfonso Caso/PERSON, in the 45) Bodley Codex/MISC he was born in a flaming tree 46) Caso/PERSON. p. 25-26: I-III who is “47) Sun Ornament/MISC”, but later his child is called 48) Tlaltecutli/PERSON ( 49) Earth Lord/PERSON.) He became an 50) Earth Lord/PERSON when according to 51) Miller/PERSON and 52) Taube/PERSON, he was torn apart and his parts were taken to 53) Earth/LOCATION.

<DOCUMENT 4 NO ANNOTATIONS>

Recently a monolith of the deity was unearthed in 54) Mexico City/GPE.[7]

Tlaltecuhtli [t͡ɬaɬteˈkʷt͡ɬi] is a pre-Columbian Mesoamerican deity, identified from sculpture and iconography dating to the Late Postclassic period of Mesoamerican chronology (ca. 1200–1519), primarily among the Mexica (Aztec) and other Nahuatl-speaking cultures. Tlaltecuhtli is also known from several post-conquest manuscripts that surveyed Mexica mythology and belief systems, such as the Histoyre du méchique compiled in the mid-16th century.[1]

According to Alfonso Caso[2] There were four earth gods - Tlaltecuhti who was male and three earth goddesses - Coatlique, Cihuacoatl and Tlazolteotl. In one of the Mexica creation accounts Tlaltecuhtli is described as a sea monster who dwelled in the ocean after the fourth Great Flood, an embodiment of the raging chaos before creation.[3] Quetzalcoatl and Tezcatlipoca, in the form of serpents, tore him in half, throwing half upwards to create the sky and stars and leaving the other half to become the land of the earth. He remained alive, however, and demanded human blood.

Although the deity's name is masculine in Nahuatl, some modern scholars, notably Miller and Taube interpret some representations of Tlaltecuhtli as exhibiting female characteristics, particularly his typical pose which they interpret as the characteristic position of a woman giving birth.[4] According to Miller and Taube p. 167: "Tlaltecuhtli literally means "earth Lord," but most Aztec representations clearly depict this creature as female, and despite the male gender of the name, some sources call Tlaltecuhtli a goddess. Usually in a hocker, or birth-giving squat, with head flung backwards and her mouth of flint blades open..." Miller and Taube provide an extensive bibliography but use no footnotes so it's impossible to know what sources identify Tlaltecuhtli as a female figure. They identify their main source for Aztec mythology as the Florentine codex however Book 1 of the codex, the Gods, does not include this god.[5] Since Miller and Taube does not refer to primary or secondary sources, one must consider the fact that their identification of Tlaltecuhtli as female is their interpretation of the iconography. Other scholars think that this pose is him crouching under the earth, mouth open, waiting to devour the dead.[6]

According to Alfonso Caso, in the Bodley Codex he was born in a flaming tree Caso. p. 25-26: I-III who is "Sun Ornament", but later his child is called Tlaltecutli (Earth Lord.) He became an Earth Lord when according to Miller and Taube, he was torn apart and his parts were taken to Earth.

Recently a monolith of the deity was unearthed in Mexico City.[7]

<DOCUMENT 5 TITLE>-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5) Neutron Star - Wikipedia

<DOCUMENT 5 ANNOTATED>

In 1) 1965/DATE, 2) Antony Hewish/PERSON and 3) Samuel Okoye/PERSON discovered "an unusual source of high radio brightness temperature in the 4) Crab Nebula/MISC“.[26] This source turned out to be the 5) Crab Pulsar/MISC that resulted from the great supernova of 6) 1054/DATE.

In 7) 1967/DATE, 8) Iosif Shklovsky/PERSON examined the X-ray and optical observations of 9) Scorpius X-1/MISC and correctly concluded that the radiation comes from a neutron star at the stage of accretion.[27]

In 10) 1967/DATE, 11) Jocelyn Bell/PERSON and 12) Antony Hewish/PERSON discovered regular radio pulses from 13) CP 1919/MISC. This pulsar was later interpreted as an isolated, rotating neutron star. The energy source of the pulsar is the rotational energy of the neutron star. The majority of known neutron stars (about 2000, as of 14) 2010/DATE) have been discovered as pulsars, emitting regular radio pulses.

In 15) 1971/DATE, 16) Riccardo Giacconi/PERSON, 17) Herbert Gursky/PERSON, 18) Ed Kellogg/PERSON, 19) R. Levinson/PERSON, 20) E. Schreier/PERSON, and 21) H. Tananbaum/PERSON discovered 4.8 second pulsations in an X-ray source in the constellation 22) Centaurus/MISC, 23) Cen X-3/MISC. They interpreted this as resulting from a rotating hot neutron star. The energy source is gravitational and results from a rain of gas falling onto the surface of the neutron star from a companion star or the interstellar medium.

In 24) 1974/DATE, 25) Antony Hewish/PERSON was awarded the 26) Nobel Prize/MISC in 27) Physics/MISC "for his decisive role in the discovery of pulsars" without 28) Jocelyn Bell/PERSON who shared in the discovery.

In 29) 1974/DATE, 30) Joseph Taylor/PERSON and 31) Russell Hulse/PERSON discovered the first binary pulsar, 32) PSR B1913+16/MISC, which consists of two neutron stars (one seen as a pulsar) orbiting around their center of mass. 33) Einstein/PERSON’s 34) general theory of relativity/MISC predicts that massive objects in short binary orbits should emit gravitational waves, and thus that their orbit should decay with time. This was indeed observed, precisely as 35) general relativity/MISC predicts, and in 36) 1993/DATE, 37) Taylor/PERSON and 38) Hulse/PERSON were awarded the 39) Nobel Prize/MISC in 40) Physics/MISC for this discovery.

In 41) 1982/DATE, 42) Don Backer/PERSON and colleagues discovered the first millisecond pulsar, 43) PSR B1937+21/MISC. This objects spins 642 times per second, a value that placed fundamental constraints on the mass and radius of neutron stars. Many millisecond pulsars were later discovered, but 44) PSR B1937+21/MISC remained the fastest-spinning known pulsar for 24 years, until 45) PSR J1748-2446ad/MISC (which spins more than 700 times a second) was discovered.

In 46) 2003/DATE, 47) Marta Burgay/PERSON and colleagues discovered the first double neutron star system where both components are detectable as pulsars, 48) PSR J0737-3039/MISC. The discovery of this system allows a total of 5 different tests of 49) general relativity/MISC, some of these with unprecedented precision.

In 50) 2010/DATE, 51) Paul Demorest/PERSON and colleagues measured the mass of the millisecond pulsar 52) PSR J1614–2230/MISC to be 1.97±0.04 M☉, using 53) Shapiro delay/MISC.[28] This was substantially higher than any previously measured neutron star mass (1.67 M, see 54) PSR J1903+0327/MISC), and places strong constraints on the interior composition of neutron stars.

In 55) 2013/DATE, 56) John Antoniadis/PERSON and colleagues measured the mass of 57) PSR J0348+0432/MISC to be 2.01±0.04 M, using white dwarf spectroscopy.[29] This confirmed the existence of such massive stars using a different method. Furthermore, this allowed, for the first time, a test of 58) general relativity/MISC using such a massive neutron star.

<DOCUMENT 5 NO ANNOTATIONS>

In 1965, Antony Hewish and Samuel Okoye discovered "an unusual source of high radio brightness temperature in the Crab Nebula".[26] This source turned out to be the Crab Pulsar that resulted from the great supernova of 1054.

In 1967, Iosif Shklovsky examined the X-ray and optical observations of Scorpius X-1 and correctly concluded that the radiation comes from a neutron star at the stage of accretion.[27]

In 1967, Jocelyn Bell and Antony Hewish discovered regular radio pulses from CP 1919. This pulsar was later interpreted as an isolated, rotating neutron star. The energy source of the pulsar is the rotational energy of the neutron star. The majority of known neutron stars (about 2000, as of 2010) have been discovered as pulsars, emitting regular radio pulses.

In 1971, Riccardo Giacconi, Herbert Gursky, Ed Kellogg, R. Levinson, E. Schreier, and H. Tananbaum discovered 4.8 second pulsations in an X-ray source in the constellation Centaurus, Cen X-3. They interpreted this as resulting from a rotating hot neutron star. The energy source is gravitational and results from a rain of gas falling onto the surface of the neutron star from a companion star or the interstellar medium.

In 1974, Antony Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics "for his decisive role in the discovery of pulsars" without Jocelyn Bell who shared in the discovery.

In 1974, Joseph Taylor and Russell Hulse discovered the first binary pulsar, PSR B1913+16, which consists of two neutron stars (one seen as a pulsar) orbiting around their center of mass. Einstein's general theory of relativity predicts that massive objects in short binary orbits should emit gravitational waves, and thus that their orbit should decay with time. This was indeed observed, precisely as general relativity predicts, and in 1993, Taylor and Hulse were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for this discovery.

In 1982, Don Backer and colleagues discovered the first millisecond pulsar, PSR B1937+21. This objects spins 642 times per second, a value that placed fundamental constraints on the mass and radius of neutron stars. Many millisecond pulsars were later discovered, but PSR B1937+21 remained the fastest-spinning known pulsar for 24 years, until PSR J1748-2446ad (which spins more than 700 times a second) was discovered.

In 2003, Marta Burgay and colleagues discovered the first double neutron star system where both components are detectable as pulsars, PSR J0737-3039. The discovery of this system allows a total of 5 different tests of general relativity, some of these with unprecedented precision.

In 2010, Paul Demorest and colleagues measured the mass of the millisecond pulsar PSR J1614–2230 to be 1.97±0.04 M☉, using Shapiro delay.[28] This was substantially higher than any previously measured neutron star mass (1.67 M☉, see PSR J1903+0327), and places strong constraints on the interior composition of neutron stars.

In 2013, John Antoniadis and colleagues measured the mass of PSR J0348+0432 to be 2.01±0.04 M☉, using white dwarf spectroscopy.[29] This confirmed the existence of such massive stars using a different method. Furthermore, this allowed, for the first time, a test of general relativity using such a massive neutron star.

<DOCUMENT 6 TITLE>

Dry-Farming : A System of Agriculture for Countries under a Low Rainfall by Widtsoe

<DOCUMENT 6 ANNOTATED>

_"The 1) Pacific Type/MISC.—_This type is found in all of the territory west of the 2) Cascade/LOCATION and 3) Sierra Nevada/LOCATION ranges, and also obtains in a fringe of country to the eastward of the mountain summits. The distinguishing characteristic of the 4) Pacific type/MISC is a wet season, extending from 5) October/DATE to 6) March/DATE, and a practically rainless summer, except in northern 7) California/GPE and parts of 8) Oregon/GPE and 9) Washington/GPE. About half of the yearly precipitation comes in the months of 10) December/DATE, 11) January/DATE, and 12) February/DATE, the remaining half being distributed throughout the seven months— 13) September/DATE, 14) October/DATE, 15) November/DATE, 16) March/DATE, 17) April/DATE, 18) May/DATE, and 19) June/DATE.”

_” 20) Sub-Pacific Type/MISC.—_The term ’ 21) Sub-Pacific/MISC’ has been given to that type of rainfall which obtains over eastern 22) Washington/GPE, 23) Nevada/GPE, and 24) Utah/GPE. The influences that control the precipitation of this region are much similar to those that prevail west of the 25) Sierra Nevada/LOCATION and 26) Cascade/LOCATION ranges. There is not, however, as in the eastern type, a steady diminution in the precipitation with the approach of spring, but rather a culmination in the precipitation."

_” 27) Arizona Type/MISC.—_The 28) Arizona Type/MISC, so called because it is more fully developed in that territory than elsewhere, prevails over 29) Arizona/GPE, 30) New Mexico/GPE, and a small portion of eastern 31) Utah/GPE and 32) Nevada/GPE. This type differs from all others in the fact that about 35 per cent of the rain falls in 33) July/DATE and 34) August/DATE. 35) May/DATE and 36) June/DATE are generally the months of least rainfall."

_"The 37) Northern Rocky Mountain and Eastern Foothills Type/MISC.—_This type is closely allied to that of the plains to the eastward, and the bulk of the rain falls in the foothills of the region in 38) April/DATE and 39) May/DATE; in 40) Montana/GPE, in 41) May/DATE and 42) June/DATE.”

_"The 43) Plains Type/MISC.—_This type embraces the greater part of the 44) Dakotas/LOCATION, 45) Nebraska/GPE, 46) Kansas/GPE; 47) Oklahoma/GPE, the 48) Panhandle of Texas/LOCATION, and all the great corn and wheat states of the interior valleys. This region is characterized by a scant winter precipitation over the northern states and moderately heavy rains during the growing season. The. bulk of the rains comes in 49) May/DATE, 50) June/DATE, and 51) July/DATE.”

This classification emphasizes the great variation in distribution of rainfall over the dry-farm territory of the country. West of the 52) Rocky Mountains/LOCATION the precipitation comes chiefly in winter and spring, leaving the summers rainless; while east of the 53) Rockies/LOCATION, the winters are somewhat rainless and the precipitation comes chiefly in spring and summer. The 54) Arizona type/MISC stands midway between these types. This variation in the distribution of the rainfall requires that different methods be employed in storing and conserving the rainfall for crop production. The adaptation of cultural methods to the seasonal distribution of rainfall will be discussed hereafter.

<DOCUMENT 6 NO ANNOTATIONS>

_"The Pacific Type.—_This type is found in all of the territory west of the Cascade and Sierra Nevada ranges, and also obtains in a fringe of country to the eastward of the mountain summits. The distinguishing characteristic of the Pacific type is a wet season, extending from October to March, and a practically rainless summer, except in northern California and parts of Oregon and Washington About half of the yearly precipitation comes in the months of December January and February the remaining half being distributed throughout the seven months— September October November March April May and June.”

_” Sub-Pacific Type.—_The term ’ Sub-Pacific’ has been given to that type of rainfall which obtains over eastern Washington, Nevada and Utah. The influences that control the precipitation of this region are much similar to those that prevail west of the Sierra Nevada and Cascade ranges. There is not, however, as in the eastern type, a steady diminution in the precipitation with the approach of spring, but rather a culmination in the precipitation."

_” Arizona Type.—_The Arizona Type so called because it is more fully developed in that territory than elsewhere, prevails over Arizona, New Mexico, and a small portion of eastern Utah and Nevada. This type differs from all others in the fact that about 35 per cent of the rain falls in July and August. May and June are generally the months of least rainfall."

_"The Northern Rocky Mountain and Eastern Foothills Type.—_This type is closely allied to that of the plains to the eastward, and the bulk of the rain falls in the foothills of the region in April and May; in Montana, in May and June.”

_"The Plains Type.—_This type embraces the greater part of the Dakotas, Nebraska, Kansas; Oklahoma, the Panhandle of Texas, and all the great corn and wheat states of the interior valleys. This region is characterized by a scant winter precipitation over the northern states and moderately heavy rains during the growing season. The. bulk of the rains comes in May, June, and July.”

This classification emphasizes the great variation in distribution of rainfall over the dry-farm territory of the country. West of the Rocky Mountains the precipitation comes chiefly in winter and spring, leaving the summers rainless; while east of the Rockies, the winters are somewhat rainless and the precipitation comes chiefly in spring and summer. The Arizona type stands midway between these types. This variation in the distribution of the rainfall requires that different methods be employed in storing and conserving the rainfall for crop production. The adaptation of cultural methods to the seasonal distribution of rainfall will be discussed hereafter.

<DOCUMENT 7 TITLE>----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

7Morphology and histology of the alimentary tract of adult palm weevil, Rhynchophorus phoenicis Fabricius (Coleoptera: Curculionidae) - Omotoso Olumuyiwa Temitope

<DOCUMENT 7 ANNOTATED>

The alimentary tract of 1) palm weevil/ANIMAL consisted structurally of three distinct regions from the mouth to the anus. The gut consisted of the foregut, midgut and hindgut. 2) Berridge/PERSON ( 3) 1970/DATE) reported that the foregut and the hindgut of insects had cuticle and that they were  of ectodermal origin while the midgut, which had no cuticular intima, was developed from the endoderm. The foregut of insect begins at the base of the mandible and maxillary and extends to the oesophagus and proventriculus ( 4) Tsai/PERSON and 5) Perrier/PERSON 6) 1996/DATE; 7) Lee/PERSON et al., 8) 1998/DATE). The arrangement of the oesophagus of 9) palm weevil/ANIMAL was the same as those reported for oriental 10) fruit fly/ANIMAL by 11) Chun-Nu/PERSON et al. ( 12) 2000/PERSON). The larva had a big crop where it stores all its food. 13) Yoloye/PERSON ( 14) 1988/DATE) and 15) Adedire/PERSON ( 16) 2002/DATE) reported similar occurrences in the alimentary tract of 17) cockroach/ANIMAL, 18) Periplaneta americana/ANIMAL and 19) kolanut weevil/ANIMAL, 20) Sophrorhinus insperatus/ANIMAL respectively. 21) Backus/PERSON ( 22) 1985/DATE) had described the ciberial and the oesophageal regions of the mouthparts of several 23) leafhoppers/MISC.  
The function of the oesophagus of the insect is to pass food downwards to the midgut while the crop serves as a storage depot for ingested food ( 24) Wigglesworth/PERSON, 25) 1965/DATE). The oesophageal glands secrete mucous which lubricates food and makes swallowing easy. The oesophagus and the crop of 26) palm weevil/ANIMAL must have contained strong elastic muscles which  allows peristaltic movement of the food in the oesophegus and makes the distention of the crop possible. 27) Lee/PERSON et al. ( 28) 1998/DATE) reported similar observation in the foregut of 29) Bactrocera  dorsalis/ANIMAL. The oesophagus of the insect was made up of stratified squamous epithelium. 30) Smith/PERSON ( 31) 1968/DATE) reported that there may be little or no absorption of nutrients into the haemolymph across the crop wall of insects. The proventriculus plays a very prominent role  (grinding) during food digestion in 32) palm weevil/ANIMAL. The proventriculus is muscularly built in this insect to withstand the pressure associated with the mechanical grinding of food in the chamber. 33) Chapman/PERSON ( 34) 1985/DATE) reported that proventriculus was absent in 35) fluid feeders/MISC. 
The  architecture of the midgut of this insect was the same as those reported for other insects ( 36) Gartner/PERSON, 37) 1985/DATE; 38) Adedire/PERSON, 39) 2002/DATE). The midgut was the region for both digestion of food and absorption of nutrients. The epithetlium was responsible for both the production of many digestive enzymes and the uptake and transfer of nutrients to the haemolymph ( 40) Wigglosworth/PERSON, 41) 1965/DATE; 42) Billen/PERSON and 43) Buschinger/PERSON, 44) 2000/DATE). 45) Adedire/PERSON ( 46) 2002/DATE) reported that the larva of 47) S. insperatus/ANIMAL eats more food because it uses more energy for eclosion and the periodic moulting of its cuticle.  

<DOCUMENT 7 NO ANNOTATIONS>

The alimentary tract of palm weevil consisted structurally of three distinct regions from the mouth to the anus. The gut consisted of the foregut, midgut and hindgut. Berridge (1970) reported that the foregut and the hindgut of insects had cuticle and that they were  of ectodermal origin while the midgut, which had no cuticular intima, was developed from the endoderm. The foregut of insect begins at the base of the mandible and maxillary and extends to the oesophagus and proventriculus (Tsai and Perrier 1996; Lee et al., 1998). The arrangement of the oesophagus of palm weevil was the same as those reported for oriental fruit fly by Chun-Nu et al. (2000). The larva had a big crop where it stores all its food. Yoloye (1988) and Adedire (2002) reported similar occurrences in the alimentary tract of cockroach, Periplaneta americana and kolanut weevil, Sophrorhinus insperatus respectively. Backus (1985) had described the ciberial and the oesophageal regions of the mouthparts of several leafhoppers.  
The function of the oesophagus of the insect is to pass food downwards to the midgut while the crop serves as a storage depot for ingested food (Wigglesworth, 1965). The oesophageal glands secrete mucous which lubricates food and makes swallowing easy. The oesophagus and the crop of palm weevil must have contained strong elastic muscles which  allows peristaltic movement of the food in the oesophegus and makes the distention of the crop possible. Lee et al. (1998) reported similar observation in the foregut of Bactrocera  dorsalis. The oesophagus of the insect was made up of stratified squamous epithelium. Smith (1968) reported that there may be little or no absorption of nutrients into the haemolymph across the crop wall of insects. The proventriculus plays a very prominent role  (grinding) during food digestion in palm weevil. The proventriculus is muscularly built in this insect to withstand the pressure associated with the mechanical grinding of food in the chamber. Chapman (1985) reported that proventriculus was absent in fluid feeders. 
The  architecture of the midgut of this insect was the same as those reported for other insects (Gartner, 1985; Adedire, 2002). The midgut was the region for both digestion of food and absorption of nutrients. The epithetlium was responsible for both the production of many digestive enzymes and the uptake and transfer of nutrients to the haemolymph (Wigglosworth, 1965; Billen and Buschinger, 2000). Adedire (2002) reported that the larva of S. insperatus eats more food because it uses more energy for eclosion and the periodic moulting of its cuticle.

<DOCUMENT 8 TITLE>
King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table - Sir Thomas Malory

<DOCUMENT 8 ANNOTATED>

The story of 1) Merlin/PERSON, that man of magic, is the least important of the four branches, though 2) Merlin/PERSON is still an intensely interesting figure in the story of 3) Arthur/PERSON that we read to-day. The story of 4) Lancelot/PERSON was to prove very important; starting as a romance that had very little connection with 5) Arthur/PERSON, it became with 6) Malory/PERSON and 7) Tennyson/PERSON the real center of interest of the plot. The story of the 8) Holy Grail/MISC proved almost equally important. In the earliest accounts of this 9) Perceval/PERSON was the knight chosen above all others to reach the 10) Grail Castle/LOCATION, but 11) Perceval/PERSON was too rough and worldly a knight to suit the taste of the monks who wrote out the legends and so they created 12) Galahad/PERSON to take his place as their own ideal of perfection. And into these adventures are woven some of the tales of Sir 13) Gawain/PERSON, among them the delightful story of 14) Gawain/PERSON and the 15) Little Maid/PERSON with the 16) Narrow Sleeves/MISC. To the legend of 17) Perceval/PERSON, 18) Wolfram von Eschenbach/PERSON, a 19) Bavarian/MISC, added the story of the son of 20) Perceval/PERSON, or 21) Parzival/PERSON, as he calls him, the story of 22) Lohengrin/PERSON, the famous 23) Swan-knight/PERSON. 24) Tristram/PERSON and 25) Iseult/PERSON, the fourth of the branches, though less connected with 26) Arthur/PESON than either 27) Lancelot/PERSON or the 28) Holy Grail/MISC, became immensely popular with poets and remancers because of its great love story, and is to be found told again and again in widely varying forms all through the 29) Middle Ages/MISC.

So we have seen that a 30) British/MISC chieftain, winning a great battle in the year 31) 500/DATE, became in time celebrated throughout 32) Europe/LOCATION as the greatest king of romance. So far it was mainly the 33) French/MISC who had made him famous. 34) Layamon/PERSON, an 35) English/MISC priest, had written a poem in 36) English/MISC concerning 37) Arthur/PERSON shortly after 38) 1200/DATE, and told of the founding of the 39) Round Table/ORGANIZATION, but it was to be a considerable time yet before any 40) English/MISC writer was to attempt what the 41) French/MISC had already done. 42) Chaucer/PERSON told none of the 43) Arthurian/MISC stories, though he placed the scene of his 44) Wife of Bath's Tale/MISC at 45) King Arthur/PERSON’s court. An unknown 46) English/MISC poet wrote Sir 47) Gawaine/PERSON and the 48) Green Knight/PERSON somewhere between 49) 1350/DATE and 50) 1375/DATE. It is not until we come to the 51) Morte Darthur/PERSON of Sir 52) Thomas Malory/PERSON, finished in 53) 1469/DATE or 54) 1470/DATE, that we reach the next great step in the history of the legends since the time of 55) Chrétien de Troies/PERSON. But in 56) Malory/PERSON’s story 57) Arthur/PERSON steps forth resplendent, the kingly figure that we have to-day.

Little is known concerning Sir 58) Thomas Malory/PERSON. He seems to have been a knight and country gentleman of 59) Warwickshire/GPE, a member of 60) Parliament/ORGANIZATION in the reign of 61) Henry VI/PERSON, and later a soldier on the side of 62) Lancaster/MISC in the 63) Wars of the Roses/MISC. As a result of the victory of the party of 64) York/ORGANIZATION he had to retire from public life when 65) Edward IV/PERSON came to the throne, and lived quietly at his 66) Warwickshire/GPE estate. He was familiar with life at court and with men-at-arms and he knew how popular the stories of 67) King Arthur/PERSON were becoming in 68) England/LOCATION. So, being a man of education, he set to work to make a collection of the legends, using as his chief sources the 69) French/MISC romances.

<DOCUMENT 8 NO ANNOTATIONS>

The story of Merlin, that man of magic, is the least important of the four branches, though Merlin is still an intensely interesting figure in the story of Arthur that we read to-day. The story of Lancelot was to prove very important; starting as a romance that had very little connection with Arthur, it became with Malory and Tennyson the real center of interest of the plot. The story of the Holy Grail proved almost equally important. In the earliest accounts of this Perceval was the knight chosen above all others to reach the Grail Castle, but Perceval was too rough and worldly a knight to suit the taste of the monks who wrote out the legends and so they created Galahad to take his place as their own ideal of perfection. And into these adventures are woven some of the tales of Sir Gawain, among them the delightful story of Gawain and the Little Maid with the Narrow Sleeves. To the legend of Perceval, Wolfram von Eschenbach, a Bavarian, added the story of the son of Perceval, or Parzival, as he calls him, the story of Lohengrin, the famous Swan-knight. Tristram and Iseult, the fourth of the branches, though less connected with Arthur than either Lancelot or the Holy Grail, became immensely popular with poets and remancers because of its great love story, and is to be found told again and again in widely varying forms all through the Middle Ages.

So we have seen that a British chieftain, winning a great battle in the year 500, became in time celebrated throughout Europe as the greatest king of romance. So far it was mainly the French who had made him famous. Layamon, an English priest, had written a poem in English concerning Arthur shortly after 1200, and told of the founding of the Round Table, but it was to be a considerable time yet before any English writer was to attempt what the French had already done. Chaucer told none of the Arthurian stories, though he placed the scene of his Wife of Bath's Tale at King Arthur’s court. An unknown English poet wrote Sir Gawaine and the Green Knight somewhere between 1350 and 1375. It is not until we come to the Morte Darthur of Sir Thomas Malory, finished in 1469 or 1470, that we reach the next great step in the history of the legends since the time of Chrétien de Troies. But in Malory’s story Arthur steps forth resplendent, the kingly figure that we have to-day.

Little is known concerning Sir Thomas Malory. He seems to have been a knight and country gentleman of Warwickshire, a member of Parliament in the reign of Henry VI, and later a soldier on the side of Lancaster in the Wars of the Roses. As a result of the victory of the party of York he had to retire from public life when Edward IV came to the throne, and lived quietly at his Warwickshire estate. He was familiar with life at court and with men-at-arms and he knew how popular the stories of King Arthur were becoming in England. So, being a man of education, he set to work to make a collection of the legends, using as his chief sources the French romances.

<DOCUMENT 9 TITLE>

Syrian Civil War - Wikipedia

<DOCUMENT 9 ANNOTATED>

The 1) Syrian Civil War/MISC (2) Arabic/MISC: الحرب الأهلية السورية‎) is an ongoing multisided armed conflict with international interventions[96] taking place in 3) Syria/GPE. The unrest began in the 4) early spring of 2011/DATE within the context of 5) Arab/MISC 6) Spring/DATE protests, with nationwide protests against President 7) Bashar al-Assad/PERSON’s government, whose forces responded with crackdowns. The conflict gradually morphed from mass protests to an armed rebellion after months of military sieges.[97] A 8) United Nations/ORGANIZATION report released in 9) December, 2012/DATE, stated that the conflict had "become overtly sectarian in nature",[98][99] between mostly 10) Alawite/ORGANIZATION government forces, militias and other 11) Shia/ORGANIZATION groups[100] fighting primarily against 12) Sunni/ORGANIZATION-dominated rebel groups;[101] however both opposition and government forces denied that.[102][103]

Initially, the 13) Syrian/MISC government primarily relied on its armed forces, but since 14) 2014/DATE local protection units made up of volunteers known as 15) National Defence Force/ORGANIZATION have come to play a larger role, gradually becoming the primary military force of the 16) Syrian/MISC state. From the early stages, the 17) Syrian/MISC government received technical, financial, military and political support from 18) Russia/GPE, 19) Iran/GPE and 20) Iraq/GPE. In 21) 2013/DATE, 22) Iran/GPE-backed 23) Hezbollah/ORGANIZATION entered the war in support of the 24) Syrian Army/ORGANIZATION.[104][105] Due to foreign involvement, the conflict had been called a proxy war between the regional powers.[106][107] In 25) September 2015/DATE, 26) Russia/GPE, 27) Iraq/GPE, 28) Iran/GPE and 29) Syria/GPE set up a joint operation room (information centre) in 30) Baghdad/GPE to coordinate their activity in 31) Syria/GPE. On 32) 30 September 2015/DATE, 33) Russia/GPE started its own air campaign on the side and at the request of the government of 34) Syria/GPE. The resultant proxy war between the 35) U.S./GPE and 36) Russia/GPE[108][109][110][111] led some commentators to characterise the situation as a "a proto-world war with nearly a dozen countries embroiled in two overlapping conflicts".[112]

In 37) July 2013/DATE, the 38) Syrian/MISC government was said to be in control of approximately 30–40% of the country's territory and 60% of the 39) Syrian/MISC population;[113] in 40) August 2015/DATE, the territory fully controlled by the 41) Syrian Army/ORGANIZATION was reported to have shrunk to 29,797 km2, roughly 16% of the country.[114] The 42) Syrian/MISC government enjoys high levels of support in certain areas under its control; according to a poll organised by 43) British/MISC 44) ORB International/ORGANIZATION, up to 73% of the population in government-controlled areas support the government effort.[115]

International organizations have accused the 45) Syrian/MISC government, 46) ISIL/ORGANIZATION and other opposition forces of severe human rights violations, with multiple massacres occurring.[116][117][118][119][120] The conflict caused a considerable displacement of population. The 47) US/GPE, the 48) EU/ORGANIZATION big four, 49) Russia/GPE, 50) China/GPE and several countries from the 51) middle east/LOCATION (including 52) Turkey/GPE, 53) Egypt/GPE, 54) Saudi Arabia/GPE and, for the first time, 55) Iran/GPE) have started peace talks in 56) Vienna/GPE that are aimed at bringing an end to the conflict.

<DOCUMENT 9 NO ANNOTATIONS>

missing!

<DOCUMENT 10 TITLE>

10) New quantum record as ball of atom ends up in two spots at once - News Scientist Dec. 28, 2015

<DOCUMENT 10 ANNOTATED>

Try to imagine a tiny ball sitting on one fingertip yet also on your shoulder at the same instant. Are you struggling? Most of us can’t conceive of an object being in two places at once – yet physicists have just demonstrated the effect over a distance of half a metre, smashing previous records.

It’s an example of 1) superposition/MISC, the idea that an object can exist in two quantum states at the same time. This persists until it is observed, causing a property called its wave function to collapse into one state or the other. The same principle allows 2) Schrödinger’s cat/MISC to be both dead and alive inside a box until you open the lid.

We often think of quantum mechanics as applying only to subatomic particles, but there is nothing in the theory that limits its range. That’s why experiments try to probe the transition between the quantum and everyday realms. “We’re all wondering whether there is some regime where superpositions turn into classical states of matter,” says 3) Mark Kasevich/PERSON of 4) Stanford University/ORG in 5) California/GPE.

To find out, 6) Kasevich/PERSON and his colleagues created a 7) Bose-Einstein condensate/MISC ( 8) BEC/MISC) – a cloud of 10,000 rubidium atoms, all in the same quantum state. They shot this cloud, just a few millimetres across, up a 10-metre-high chamber using lasers, which also gradually push the atoms into two separate states.

By the time the 9) BEC/MISC reaches the top of the chamber, its wave function is a 50-50 mixture of those states, representing positions 54 centimetres apart. It stays in this 10) superposition/MISC for about a second, then falls back down. At the bottom, the lasers turn the two states back into one, and this reveals that the atoms appear to arrive from two different heights, confirming that the 11) BEC/MISC was indeed in a 12) superposition/MISC at the top of the chamber.

Previous experiments demonstrated 13) superposition/MISC over much smaller distances and times – the old record was just under a centimetre for a quarter of a second. 14) Kasevich/PERSON’s work pushes it into human scales. “Our work really is definitive for large separations,” he says. “Nobody else has done that.”

Pulling it off involved cooling the chamber to a fraction above absolute zero, and minutely adjusting the 15) BEC/MISC’s trajectory to account for 16) Earth/LOCATION’s rotation during the experiment. “They’ve explored the unknown,” says 17) Klaus Hornberger/PERSON of the 18) University of Duisburg-Essen/ORGANIZATION, 19) Germany/GPE.

But it may be less of a breakthrough than it seems. In 20) 2013/DATE, 21) Hornberger/PERSON helped devise a “22) weirdness scale/MISC” that scores experiments according to how far they show quantum effects extending into the everyday world. 23) Kasevich/PERSON’s work extends the distance scale but compromises in other ways, so scores about the same as previous attempts, says 24) Hornberger/PERSON. That means a true 25) Schrödinger’s cat/MISC is still far from being realised.

<DOCUMENT 10 NO ANNOTATIONS>

Try to imagine a tiny ball sitting on one fingertip yet also on your shoulder at the same instant. Are you struggling? Most of us can’t conceive of an object being in two places at once – yet physicists have just demonstrated the effect over a distance of half a metre, smashing previous records.

It’s an example of superposition, the idea that an object can exist in two quantum states at the same time. This persists until it is observed, causing a property called its wave function to collapse into one state or the other. The same principle allows Schrödinger’s cat to be both dead and alive inside a box until you open the lid.

We often think of quantum mechanics as applying only to subatomic particles, but there is nothing in the theory that limits its range. That’s why experiments try to probe the transition between the quantum and everyday realms. “We’re all wondering whether there is some regime where superpositions turn into classical states of matter,” says Mark Kasevich of Stanford University in California.

To find out, Kasevich and his colleagues created a Bose-Einstein condensate (BEC) – a cloud of 10,000 rubidium atoms, all in the same quantum state. They shot this cloud, just a few millimetres across, up a 10-metre-high chamber using lasers, which also gradually push the atoms into two separate states.

By the time the BEC reaches the top of the chamber, its wave function is a 50-50 mixture of those states, representing positions 54 centimetres apart. It stays in this superposition for about a second, then falls back down. At the bottom, the lasers turn the two states back into one, and this reveals that the atoms appear to arrive from two different heights, confirming that the BEC was indeed in a superposition at the top of the chamber.

Previous experiments demonstrated superposition over much smaller distances and times – the old record was just under a centimetre for a quarter of a second. Kasevich’s work pushes it into human scales. “Our work really is definitive for large separations,” he says. “Nobody else has done that.”

Pulling it off involved cooling the chamber to a fraction above absolute zero, and minutely adjusting the BEC’s trajectory to account for Earth’s rotation during the experiment. “They’ve explored the unknown,” says Klaus Hornberger of the University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany.

But it may be less of a breakthrough than it seems. In 2013, Hornberger helped devise a “weirdness scale” that scores experiments according to how far they show quantum effects extending into the everyday world. Kasevich’s work extends the distance scale but compromises in other ways, so scores about the same as previous attempts, says Hornberger. That means a true Schrödinger’s cat is still far from being realised.

