Solvency 2 standards will make a radical change in risk management practices in the actuarial sector. They are based on a strengthening of risk control and minimization of a ruin probability. The determination of the economic regulatory capital will be faced under this prudential mechanism with a kind of methodological revolution. A choices of a dependence model between different risks and of an aggregation methodology are both required. In the prescribed Standard Formula, risks aggregation is done using correlation matrices that connect families and subfamilies of risks. Once the Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) is calculated, its allocation between the different risky activity branches becomes the new operational challenge.
Capital allocation is an internal exercise, certainly not controlled by the first pillar of Solvency 2, but it plays a crucial role in determining performance of all the insurer activity. The case of insurance groups requires special treatment in the context of the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) approach. In this context, a multivariate analysis of risk seems relevant. 
The issue of capital allocation in a multivariate context arises from the presence of dependence between the various risky activities which may generate a diversification effect. Several allocation methods in the literature are based on a choice of a univariate risk measure and an allocation principle. Others are based on optimizing a multivariate ruin probability or some multivariate risk indicators. In this paper, we focus on the allocation technique by minimizing some risk indicators.
The literature on the subject of capital allocation methods is very rich. Several principles have been proposed over the last twenty years. The most important and most studied are the Shapley method, the Aumann-Shapley method and the Euler’s method. 
The Shapley method is based on cooperative game theory. It is described in detail in Denault’s paper (2001) [10].  Denault proved that this method, originally used to allocate the total cost between players in coalitional games context, can be easily adapted to solve the problem of the overall risk allocation between segments.
Tasche devoted two papers [21] and [22] to describe Euler’s method. Euler’s method is also found in the literature under the name of gradient method. It is based on the idea of allocating capital according to the infinitesimal marginal impact of each risk. This impact corresponds to the increase obtained on the overall risk, yielding an infinitely small increment in a marginal risk. Euler’s method is very present in the literature. Several papers analyze its properties (RORAC compatibility [6], [23], Coherence [5],...) under different assumptions (Tasche (2004) [20], Balog (2011) [2]). Its fame is due to the existence of economic arguments that can justify its use to develop allocation rules.
Finally, Aumann-Shapley method is a continuous generalization of Shapley method. Its principle is based on the value introduced by Aumann and Shaplay in game theory. Denault [10] analyzes this method and its application to capital allocation.
These three capital allocation principles rely on different risk measures. The coherence of the allocation method depends on the properties of the selected risk measure.  Several papers deal with capital allocation coherence based on the properties of the risk measure used. We quote as examples, Fischer (2003) [12], Bush and Dorfleitner (2008) [5], and Kalkbrener (2009) [16].
